docs/inaccessible-components/intro.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 0
---

import Layout from '@theme/Layout'
import Section from '../../src/components/Section'

# Inaccessible Components

<img src="/img/inaccessible-components.png" srcSet="/img/inaccessible-components.png 1x, /img/inaccessible-components-2x.png 2x" alt="" width="600" height="400" style={{ aspectRatio: '600/400'}} loading="eager" />

Inaccessible components aim to **educate** developers and anyone interested in web accessibility.

A collection of inaccessible components demonstrates **common accessibility and usability issues** developers create (mostly unintentionally) when building websites.

By realizing the impact of the issues, developers can understand **what kind of barriers are various users facing** so they can start remediating the issues, and learn how to create more accessible components. We believe it is important to know what to do, but also what not to do.

There are many patterns and ways how to make certain components accessible, including various options and features components can have. There might be multiple ways to deal with certain issues, and rather than covering all of the possible approaches, this project focuses on **demonstrating the issues and showing one way of fixing them**.

There are also videos (explaining the issues) available for the components - the videos are made progressively. Check the following video that gives you an introduction to the project.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/_S7SQwhCMGA" title="Introduction - Inaccessible components" frameBorder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowFullScreen></iframe>

## List of components

Below is a list of inaccessible components including the description of their accessibility and usability issues, additional considerations, and also the more accessible version of the component for comparison.

- [Accordion](/docs/inaccessible-components/accordion)
- [Breadcrumb](/docs/inaccessible-components/breadcrumb)
- [Card](/docs/inaccessible-components/card)
- [Checkbox](/docs/inaccessible-components/checkbox)
- [Form](/docs/inaccessible-components/form)
- [Modal](/docs/inaccessible-components/modal)
- [Radio Group](/docs/inaccessible-components/radio-group)
- [Tabs](/docs/inaccessible-components/tabs)

Commit message:

Rewrite content to plain language

docs/inaccessible-components/intro.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 0
---

import Layout from '@theme/Layout'
import Section from '../../src/components/Section'

# Inaccessible Components

<img src="/img/inaccessible-components.png" srcSet="/img/inaccessible-components.png 1x, /img/inaccessible-components-2x.png 2x" alt="" width="600" height="400" style={{ aspectRatio: '600/400'}} loading="eager" />

Inaccessible components show how to make websites more accessible by design and code. A set of components demonstrates the common accessibility and usability issues we can find on the web.

Understanding what these issues mean for users is crucial. This knowledge can help you to learn how to create more accessible components. It is important to know what to do, but also what not to do.

There are different ways to make components accessible. Especially when components have many variants and features. We show you one of the possible ways of fixing the problems.

There are also videos to explain the issues. We are working on creating more content and videos, so stay tuned for updates.

Check the following video that gives you an introduction to the project.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/_S7SQwhCMGA" title="Introduction - Inaccessible components" frameBorder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowFullScreen></iframe>

## List of components

Here is a list of inaccessible components. Each of them has both inaccessible and more accessible versions, including code. There is also a description of their accessibility and usability issues and extra considerations:

- [Accordion](/docs/inaccessible-components/accordion)
- [Breadcrumb](/docs/inaccessible-components/breadcrumb)
- [Card](/docs/inaccessible-components/card)
- [Checkbox](/docs/inaccessible-components/checkbox)
- [Form](/docs/inaccessible-components/form)
- [Modal](/docs/inaccessible-components/modal)
- [Radio Group](/docs/inaccessible-components/radio-group)
- [Tabs](/docs/inaccessible-components/tabs)
