docs/wcag-documents/intro.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 0
---

# WCAG Documents

<img src="/img/wcag-documents.png" srcSet="/img/wcag-documents.png 1x, /img/wcag-documents-2x.png 2x" alt="" width="600" height="400" style={{ aspectRatio: '600/400'}} loading="eager" />

WCAG Documents are simplified version of [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines](#web-content-accessibility-guidelines), and they explain the information from the official guidelines more briefly, sometimes in a different way, and are a **supportive source of study material of the web accessibility** topic. The documents can help you to learn the essential information to understand and develop more accessible websites.

There are also videos (explaining the guidelines) available for each document. Check the following video that gives you an introduction to the project.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/dJ_gbwrlftc" title="Introduction - WCAG Documents" frameBorder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowFullScreen></iframe>

## Web Content Accessibility Guidelines

The WCAG (Web Content Accessibility Guidelines) explain **how to make web content more accessible** to people with various abilities and disabilities. It is **a standardized set of principles, guidelines, and success criteria** that developers, designers, quality assurance engineers, content editors, and anyone building websites should follow in order to be [conformant](/docs/wcag-documents/glossary-of-terms#conformance) with the rules and meet at least the minimum required level of accessibility of their websites.

We encourage all who are responsible for web accessibility in their organization to study the topic on the official [WCAG overview website](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/) and also from different sources to learn more.

Web content accessibility guidelines are structured into 4 main principles that describe requirements for websites:

1. **Perceivable**
2. **Operable**
3. **Understandable**
4. **Robust**

Each principle is then divided into different **guidelines**. The purpose of guidelines is to group and understand the success criteria.

**Success criteria** are what determine conformance to WCAG which means in order to meet WCAG, the content needs to meet the success criteria. They describe how to make web content more accessible.

The success criteria have three levels of **conformance** to meet, each with increasing difficulty: Level A, level AA, and level AAA.

**Level A** criteria are essential for all websites. If the website does not conform with level A, it may have serious accessibility issues that prevent users with disabilities from using it.

**Level AA** criteria are recommended as a minimum to meet. Websites that meet the level AA are accessible to a wider range of users in various circumstances.

**Level AAA** criteria represent the highest WCAG conformance level. They may not be applicable for all websites to achieve as they usually require significant resources for conformance, however, some of them are affordable even for standard sites.
## 1 - Perceivable

Information and user interface components must be presentable to users in ways they can perceive.

### 1.1 - Text Alternatives

Provide text alternatives for any non-text content so that it can be changed into other forms people need, such as large print, braille, speech, symbols, or simpler language.

- [1.1.1 - Non-text Content - A](./1-perceivable/1.1-text-alternatives/1.1.1-non-text-content.mdx)

### 1.2 - Time-based Media

Provide alternatives for time-based media.

- [1.2.1 - Audio-only and Video-only (Prerecorded) - A](./1-perceivable/1.2-time-based-media/1.2.1-audio-only-and-video-only.mdx)
- [1.2.2 - Captions (Prerecorded) - A](./1-perceivable/1.2-time-based-media/1.2.2-captions-prerecorded.mdx)
- [1.2.3 - Audio Description or Media Alternative (Prerecorded) - A](./1-perceivable/1.2-time-based-media/1.2.3-audio-description-or-media-alternative-prerecorded.mdx)
- [1.2.4 - Captions (Live) - AA](./1-perceivable/1.2-time-based-media/1.2.4-captions-live.mdx)
- [1.2.5 - Audio Description (Prerecorded) - AA](./1-perceivable/1.2-time-based-media/1.2.5-audio-description-prerecorded.mdx)
- 1.2.6 - Sign Language (Prerecorded) - AAA (future link)
- 1.2.7 - Extended Audio Description (Prerecorded) - AAA (future link)
- 1.2.8 - Media Alternative (Prerecorded) - AAA (future link)
- 1.2.9 - Audio-only (Live) - AAA (future link)

### 1.3 - Adaptable

Create content that can be presented in different ways (for example simpler layout) without losing information or structure.

- 1.3.1 - Info and Relationships - A (future link)
- 1.3.2 - Meaningful Sequence - A (future link)
- 1.3.3 - Sensory Characteristics - A (future link)
- 1.3.4 - Orientation - AA (future link)
- 1.3.5	- Identify Input Purpose (future link)
- 1.3.6	- Identify Purpose (future link)

### 1.4 - Distinguishable

Make it easier for users to see and hear content including separating foreground from background.

- 1.4.1	- Use of Color (future link)
- 1.4.2	- Audio Control (future link)
- 1.4.3	- Contrast (Minimum) (future link)
- 1.4.4	- Resize text (future link)
- 1.4.5	- Images of Text (future link)
- 1.4.6	- Contrast (Enhanced) (future link)
- 1.4.7	- Low or No Background Audio (future link)
- 1.4.8	- Visual Presentation (future link)
- 1.4.9	- Images of Text (No Exception) (future link)
- 1.4.10 - Reflow (future link)
- 1.4.11 - Non-text Contrast (future link)
- 1.4.12 - Text Spacing (future link)
- 1.4.13 - Content on Hover or Focus (future link)

## 2 - Operable

User interface components and navigation must be operable.

### 2.1 - Keyboard Accessible

Make all functionality available from a keyboard.

- 2.1.1 - Keyboard (future link)
- 2.1.2 - No Keyboard Trap (future link)
- 2.1.3 - Keyboard (No Exception) (future link)
- 2.1.4 - Character Key Shortcuts (future link)

### 2.2 - Enough Time

Provide users enough time to read and use content.

- 2.2.1 -	Timing Adjustable (future link)
- 2.2.2 -	Pause, Stop, Hide (future link)
- 2.2.3 -	No Timing (future link)
- 2.2.4 -	Interruptions (future link)
- 2.2.5 -	Re-authenticating (future link)
- 2.2.6 -	Timeouts (future link)

### 2.3 - Seizures and Physical Reactions

Do not design content in a way that is known to cause seizures or physical reactions.

- 2.3.1 -	Three Flashes or Below Threshold (future link)
- 2.3.2 -	Three Flashes (future link)
- 2.3.3 -	Animation from Interactions (future link)

### 2.4 - Navigable

Provide ways to help users navigate, find content, and determine where they are.

- 2.4.1 -	Bypass Blocks (future link)
- 2.4.2 -	Page Titled (future link)
- 2.4.3 -	Focus Order (future link)
- 2.4.4 -	Link Purpose (In Context) (future link)
- 2.4.5 -	Multiple Ways (future link)
- 2.4.6 -	Headings and Labels (future link)
- 2.4.7 -	Focus Visible (future link)
- 2.4.8 -	Location (future link)
- 2.4.9 -	Link Purpose (Link Only) (future link)
- 2.4.10 - Section Headings (future link)

### 2.5 - Input Modalities

Make it easier for users to operate functionality through various inputs beyond keyboard.

- 2.5.1 -	Pointer Gestures (future link)
- 2.5.2 -	Pointer Cancellation (future link)
- 2.5.3 -	Label in Name (future link)
- 2.5.4 -	Motion Actuation (future link)
- 2.5.5 -	Target Size (future link)
- 2.5.6 -	Concurrent Input Mechanisms (future link)

## 3 - Understandable

Information and the operation of the user interface must be understandable.

### 3.1 - Readable

Make text content readable and understandable.

- 3.1.1 -	Language of Page (future link)
- 3.1.2 -	Language of Parts (future link)
- 3.1.3 -	Unusual Words (future link)
- 3.1.4 -	Abbreviations (future link)
- 3.1.5 -	Reading Level (future link)
- 3.1.6 -	Pronunciation (future link)

### 3.2 - Predictable

Make Web pages appear and operate in predictable ways.

- 3.2.1 -	On Focus (future link)
- 3.2.2 -	On Input (future link)
- 3.2.3 -	Consistent Navigation (future link)
- 3.2.4 -	Consistent Identification (future link)
- 3.2.5 -	Change on Request (future link)

### 3.3 - Input Assistance

Help users avoid and correct mistakes.

- 3.3.1 -	Error Identification (future link)
- 3.3.2 -	Labels or Instructions (future link)
- 3.3.3 -	Error Suggestion (future link)
- 3.3.4 -	Error Prevention (Legal, Financial, Data) (future link)
- 3.3.5 -	Help (future link)
- 3.3.6 -	Error Prevention (All) (future link)

## 4 - Robust

Content must be robust enough that it can be interpreted by a wide variety of user agents, including assistive technologies.

### 4.1 - Compatible

Maximize compatibility with current and future user agents, including assistive technologies.

- 4.1.1 -	Parsing (future link)
- 4.1.2 -	Name, Role, Value (future link)
- 4.1.3 -	Status Messages (future link)

Commit message:

Update WCAG Documents intro text

docs/wcag-documents/intro.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 0
---

# WCAG Documents

<img src="/img/wcag-documents.png" srcSet="/img/wcag-documents.png 1x, /img/wcag-documents-2x.png 2x" alt="" width="600" height="400" style={{ aspectRatio: '600/400'}} loading="eager" />

WCAG Documents are simplified version of [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines](#web-content-accessibility-guidelines), and they explain the information from the official guidelines more briefly, sometimes in a different way, and are a **supportive source of study material of the web accessibility** topic. The documents can help you to learn the essential information to understand and develop more accessible websites.

WCAG Documents are not trying to re-create WCAG, nor to improve it. The purpose of the project is to provide a brief introduction to WCAG for people who want to obtain the basic knowledge first, and then study it to the very detail at the official guidelines.

There are also videos (explaining the guidelines) available for each document. Check the following video that gives you an introduction to the project.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/dJ_gbwrlftc" title="Introduction - WCAG Documents" frameBorder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowFullScreen></iframe>

## Web Content Accessibility Guidelines

The WCAG (Web Content Accessibility Guidelines) explain **how to make web content more accessible** to people with various abilities and disabilities. It is **a standardized set of principles, guidelines, and success criteria** that developers, designers, quality assurance engineers, content editors, and anyone building websites should follow in order to be [conformant](/docs/wcag-documents/glossary-of-terms#conformance) with the rules and meet at least the minimum required level of accessibility of their websites.

We encourage all who are responsible for web accessibility in their organization to study the topic on the official [WCAG overview website](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/) and also from different sources to learn more.

Web content accessibility guidelines are structured into 4 main principles that describe requirements for websites:

1. **Perceivable**
2. **Operable**
3. **Understandable**
4. **Robust**

Each principle is then divided into different **guidelines**. The purpose of guidelines is to group and understand the success criteria.

**Success criteria** are what determine conformance to WCAG which means in order to meet WCAG, the content needs to meet the success criteria. They describe how to make web content more accessible.

The success criteria have three levels of **conformance** to meet, each with increasing difficulty: Level A, level AA, and level AAA.

**Level A** criteria are essential for all websites. If the website does not conform with level A, it may have serious accessibility issues that prevent users with disabilities from using it.

**Level AA** criteria are recommended as a minimum to meet. Websites that meet the level AA are accessible to a wider range of users in various circumstances.

**Level AAA** criteria represent the highest WCAG conformance level. They may not be applicable for all websites to achieve as they usually require significant resources for conformance, however, some of them are affordable even for standard sites.
## 1 - Perceivable

Information and user interface components must be presentable to users in ways they can perceive.

### 1.1 - Text Alternatives

Provide text alternatives for any non-text content so that it can be changed into other forms people need, such as large print, braille, speech, symbols, or simpler language.

- [1.1.1 - Non-text Content - A](./1-perceivable/1.1-text-alternatives/1.1.1-non-text-content.mdx)

### 1.2 - Time-based Media

Provide alternatives for time-based media.

- [1.2.1 - Audio-only and Video-only (Prerecorded) - A](./1-perceivable/1.2-time-based-media/1.2.1-audio-only-and-video-only.mdx)
- [1.2.2 - Captions (Prerecorded) - A](./1-perceivable/1.2-time-based-media/1.2.2-captions-prerecorded.mdx)
- [1.2.3 - Audio Description or Media Alternative (Prerecorded) - A](./1-perceivable/1.2-time-based-media/1.2.3-audio-description-or-media-alternative-prerecorded.mdx)
- [1.2.4 - Captions (Live) - AA](./1-perceivable/1.2-time-based-media/1.2.4-captions-live.mdx)
- [1.2.5 - Audio Description (Prerecorded) - AA](./1-perceivable/1.2-time-based-media/1.2.5-audio-description-prerecorded.mdx)
- 1.2.6 - Sign Language (Prerecorded) - AAA (future link)
- 1.2.7 - Extended Audio Description (Prerecorded) - AAA (future link)
- 1.2.8 - Media Alternative (Prerecorded) - AAA (future link)
- 1.2.9 - Audio-only (Live) - AAA (future link)

### 1.3 - Adaptable

Create content that can be presented in different ways (for example simpler layout) without losing information or structure.

- 1.3.1 - Info and Relationships - A (future link)
- 1.3.2 - Meaningful Sequence - A (future link)
- 1.3.3 - Sensory Characteristics - A (future link)
- 1.3.4 - Orientation - AA (future link)
- 1.3.5	- Identify Input Purpose (future link)
- 1.3.6	- Identify Purpose (future link)

### 1.4 - Distinguishable

Make it easier for users to see and hear content including separating foreground from background.

- 1.4.1	- Use of Color (future link)
- 1.4.2	- Audio Control (future link)
- 1.4.3	- Contrast (Minimum) (future link)
- 1.4.4	- Resize text (future link)
- 1.4.5	- Images of Text (future link)
- 1.4.6	- Contrast (Enhanced) (future link)
- 1.4.7	- Low or No Background Audio (future link)
- 1.4.8	- Visual Presentation (future link)
- 1.4.9	- Images of Text (No Exception) (future link)
- 1.4.10 - Reflow (future link)
- 1.4.11 - Non-text Contrast (future link)
- 1.4.12 - Text Spacing (future link)
- 1.4.13 - Content on Hover or Focus (future link)

## 2 - Operable

User interface components and navigation must be operable.

### 2.1 - Keyboard Accessible

Make all functionality available from a keyboard.

- 2.1.1 - Keyboard (future link)
- 2.1.2 - No Keyboard Trap (future link)
- 2.1.3 - Keyboard (No Exception) (future link)
- 2.1.4 - Character Key Shortcuts (future link)

### 2.2 - Enough Time

Provide users enough time to read and use content.

- 2.2.1 -	Timing Adjustable (future link)
- 2.2.2 -	Pause, Stop, Hide (future link)
- 2.2.3 -	No Timing (future link)
- 2.2.4 -	Interruptions (future link)
- 2.2.5 -	Re-authenticating (future link)
- 2.2.6 -	Timeouts (future link)

### 2.3 - Seizures and Physical Reactions

Do not design content in a way that is known to cause seizures or physical reactions.

- 2.3.1 -	Three Flashes or Below Threshold (future link)
- 2.3.2 -	Three Flashes (future link)
- 2.3.3 -	Animation from Interactions (future link)

### 2.4 - Navigable

Provide ways to help users navigate, find content, and determine where they are.

- 2.4.1 -	Bypass Blocks (future link)
- 2.4.2 -	Page Titled (future link)
- 2.4.3 -	Focus Order (future link)
- 2.4.4 -	Link Purpose (In Context) (future link)
- 2.4.5 -	Multiple Ways (future link)
- 2.4.6 -	Headings and Labels (future link)
- 2.4.7 -	Focus Visible (future link)
- 2.4.8 -	Location (future link)
- 2.4.9 -	Link Purpose (Link Only) (future link)
- 2.4.10 - Section Headings (future link)

### 2.5 - Input Modalities

Make it easier for users to operate functionality through various inputs beyond keyboard.

- 2.5.1 -	Pointer Gestures (future link)
- 2.5.2 -	Pointer Cancellation (future link)
- 2.5.3 -	Label in Name (future link)
- 2.5.4 -	Motion Actuation (future link)
- 2.5.5 -	Target Size (future link)
- 2.5.6 -	Concurrent Input Mechanisms (future link)

## 3 - Understandable

Information and the operation of the user interface must be understandable.

### 3.1 - Readable

Make text content readable and understandable.

- 3.1.1 -	Language of Page (future link)
- 3.1.2 -	Language of Parts (future link)
- 3.1.3 -	Unusual Words (future link)
- 3.1.4 -	Abbreviations (future link)
- 3.1.5 -	Reading Level (future link)
- 3.1.6 -	Pronunciation (future link)

### 3.2 - Predictable

Make Web pages appear and operate in predictable ways.

- 3.2.1 -	On Focus (future link)
- 3.2.2 -	On Input (future link)
- 3.2.3 -	Consistent Navigation (future link)
- 3.2.4 -	Consistent Identification (future link)
- 3.2.5 -	Change on Request (future link)

### 3.3 - Input Assistance

Help users avoid and correct mistakes.

- 3.3.1 -	Error Identification (future link)
- 3.3.2 -	Labels or Instructions (future link)
- 3.3.3 -	Error Suggestion (future link)
- 3.3.4 -	Error Prevention (Legal, Financial, Data) (future link)
- 3.3.5 -	Help (future link)
- 3.3.6 -	Error Prevention (All) (future link)

## 4 - Robust

Content must be robust enough that it can be interpreted by a wide variety of user agents, including assistive technologies.

### 4.1 - Compatible

Maximize compatibility with current and future user agents, including assistive technologies.

- 4.1.1 -	Parsing (future link)
- 4.1.2 -	Name, Role, Value (future link)
- 4.1.3 -	Status Messages (future link)
